setup/README.md, before:

# Myriade BI - Installation Guide

This script will install Myriade BI on your server.

## Prerequisites

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04+ or Debian 11+
- **Firewall**: Ports 80 and 443 must be open and accessible

## Recommended Infrastructure

- Machine type:
  - GCP: e2-standard-2 or higher
  - Azure: Standard_D2s_v3 or higher
  - AWS: t3.medium or higher
- vCPUs: 2 vCPUs minimum (4 vCPUs recommended)
- Memory: 4 GB RAM minimum (8 GB recommended)
- Boot disk: 10 GB SSD persistent minimum (50 GB recommended)

## Usage

Run the following command to install Myriade BI on your server:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://install.myriade.ai | bash -s -- myriade.YOUR_DOMAIN.com
```

This script will:

1. Download and extract Myriade BI
2. Install dependencies (Docker, Docker Compose, Nginx)
3. Create initial HTTP Nginx configuration (app accessible immediately)
4. Start Myriade BI containers
5. Prompt for SSL certificate setup with three options:
   - **Let's Encrypt** (recommended for public servers)
   - **Manual certificate** (for enterprise certificates)
   - **Self-signed certificate** (for testing/private networks)

## DNS Setup

DNS can be configured **before or after** running the installation script.

- **Before installation**: The script will automatically offer Let's Encrypt SSL certificates
- **After installation**: The app will be accessible via HTTP, and you can run the SSL script later

To use Let's Encrypt, your domain's A record must point to your server's IP address.

## SSL Certificate Setup

If you skipped SSL during installation or need to reconfigure it, run:

```bash
~/myriade-bi/setup/install_certificate.sh myriade.YOUR_DOMAIN.com
```

### SSL Options

| Option | Best For |
|--------|----------|
| Let's Encrypt | Public servers with DNS configured |
| Manual certificate | Enterprise/CA-signed certificates |
| Self-signed | Testing, development, private networks |

## Troubleshooting

### Check application status
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose ps
```

### View application logs
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose logs -f myriade
```

### Restart the application
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose restart
```

### Check Nginx status
```bash
sudo systemctl status nginx
sudo nginx -t
```

Commit message:

feat(setup): make domain optional for installation
- Quick start: curl ... | bash (no domain needed, http://IP:8080)
- Production: curl ... | bash -s -- domain.com (with SSL)
- Add domain/SSL later with install_certificate.sh

setup/README.md, after:

# Myriade BI - Installation Guide

This script will install Myriade BI on your server.

## Prerequisites

- **Operating System**: Ubuntu 20.04+ or Debian 11+
- **Firewall**: Port 8080 (quick start) or ports 80/443 (with domain)

## Recommended Infrastructure

- Machine type:
  - GCP: e2-standard-2 or higher
  - Azure: Standard_D2s_v3 or higher
  - AWS: t3.medium or higher
- vCPUs: 2 vCPUs minimum (4 vCPUs recommended)
- Memory: 4 GB RAM minimum (8 GB recommended)
- Boot disk: 10 GB SSD persistent minimum (50 GB recommended)

## Quick Start (No Domain Required)

Get Myriade BI running in minutes without any domain configuration:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://install.myriade.ai | bash
```

Access your instance at: `http://YOUR_SERVER_IP:8080`

## Production Installation (With Domain & SSL)

For production deployments with HTTPS:

```bash
curl -fsSL https://install.myriade.ai | bash -s -- myriade.YOUR_DOMAIN.com
```

This will:
1. Install Docker, Docker Compose, and Nginx
2. Configure Nginx with your domain
3. Start Myriade BI containers
4. Prompt for SSL certificate setup

## Adding Domain & SSL Later

If you started with the quick install, you can add a domain and SSL anytime:

```bash
~/myriade-bi/setup/install_certificate.sh YOUR_DOMAIN.com
```

This will:
- Reconfigure Nginx for ports 80/443
- Set up SSL certificates
- Update your Myriade configuration

### SSL Options

| Option | Best For |
|--------|----------|
| Let's Encrypt | Public servers with DNS configured |
| Manual certificate | Enterprise/CA-signed certificates |
| Self-signed | Testing, development, private networks |

## Troubleshooting

### Check application status
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose ps
```

### View application logs
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose logs -f myriade
```

### Restart the application
```bash
cd ~/myriade-bi && sudo docker compose restart
```

### Check Nginx status
```bash
sudo systemctl status nginx
sudo nginx -t
```
